--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Blesta License Agreement
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

License Agreement – Published Oct 2, 2008. Last Revised August 8, 2013.

License Agreement
Blesta (the "Software")

This License Agreement is a CONTRACT between you (either an individual or
company) and us. "You" means the licensee. "We" and "us" means Phillips
Data, Inc., a California corporation.

Limited Non-Exclusive License

You acknowledge that you are acquiring only a limited non-exclusive license
to use the Software (the "License"). We remain the owner of all right,
title, and interest in the Software and in any copies of it.

The License permits you to install one copy of the Software on one domain,
e.g., yourdomain.com.  Additional installations require additional licenses.
Additional domains require additional “Multi-Company” license addons.

You may make a reasonable number of backup copies of the Software solely for
backup purposes.

You agree not to make nor to permit the making of copies of the Software
(including its documentation) except as authorized by this License Agreement
or otherwise authorized in writing by us.

You agree not to engage in nor to permit the decompilation, disassembly, or
other reverse engineering of the Software.

No Warranties

YOU ACCEPT THE SOFTWARE "AS IS," AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY AS TO ITS USE,
PERFORMANCE, OR OTHERWISE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE
RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE REMAINS WITH YOU.

No Incidental or Consequential Damages

IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR CONNECTED WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, regardless whether we know or have
reason to know of the possibility of such damages.

Some states do not allow exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to
you.

Your Indemnity to Us

Independent of the foregoing provisions, you agree to defend and indemnify
us against, and hold us harmless from, any and all claims, damages, losses,
and expenses of any kind arising from or connected with the operation of
your business.

Termination

If you materially breach this License Agreement, we may terminate your right
to use the Software by automatic process, with our without notice to you.

You agree that, upon termination of the License, you will destroy all copies
of the Software in your possession.

Entire Agreement, etc.

This written License Agreement is the exclusive agreement between you and us
concerning the Software and supersedes any and all prior oral or written
agreements, negotiations, or other dealings between us concerning the
Software.

This License Agreement may be modified by us at anytime. Any such revisions
will be posted online at our website at www.blesta.com. We will make an
attempt to notify you via email of any such revisions.

This License Agreement will be governed by the law of the State of
California, USA.

This License Agreement is effective upon the earlier of (1) your signature
below, or (2) your use of the Software (provided that your acquisition of a
copy of the Software was from us or our representative); you agree that we
need not sign this License Agreement in order for it to take effect.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Resource License Information
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-Amazon S3 PHP Class

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Donovan Schönknecht
    Use of this work is licensed under the BSD License.

-Binary to Text

    Copyright (c) 2009-2018 Andre DeMarre
    Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-ColorPicker

	Copyright (c) 2007 Stefan Petre, http://www.eyecon.ro/
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-Consoleation

	Copyright (c) 2018 Phillips Data, Inc.
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-CKEditor

	Copyright (c) 2003-2020 CKSource Frederico Knabben
	Use of this work is licensed under the GPL v2 License.

-Full Calendar

    Copyright (c) 2009 Adam Shaw
    Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-H2o

	Copyright (c) 2008 Taylor Luk
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-History.js

	Copyright (c) 2011 Benjamin Arthur Lupton
	Use of this work is licensed under the New BSD License.

-Html2Text

    Copyright (c) 2005-2007 Jon Abernathy
    Use of this work is licensed under the GPL License.

-innerShiv

	Use of this work is licensed under the WTFPL License version 2.

-jQuery

	Copyright (c) 2020 JS Foundation, http://jquery.com/
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.
	
-jQuery UI

	Copyright (c) 2013 jQuery Foundation, http://jqueryui.com/
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-jQuery Migrate

	Copyright (c) 2020 OpenJS Foundation and other contributor, http://jquery.com/
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-Maxmind GeoIP

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 MaxMind, Inc.
    Use of this work is licensed under the Apache v2.0 License.

-minPHP

	Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Phillips Data, Inc.
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-Parsedown

    Copyright (c) 2013 Emanuil Rusev
    Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-Password Compat

    Copyright (c) 2012 Anthony Ferrara
    Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-phpseclib

	Copyright (c) 2007-2018 TerraFrost (Jim Wigginton)
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-reCAPTCHA

    Copyright (c) 2014, Google Inc.
    Use of this work is licensed under the BSD License.

-Slider for Bootstrap

	Copyright (c) 2012 Stefan Petre
	Use of this work is licensed under the Apache License version 2.0

-SSHTerm Applet
    
    Copyright (c) 2007 Chris Thomas
    Use of this work is licensed under the LGPL License.

-SwiftMailer

	Copyright (c) 2013-2020 Fabien Potencier
	Use of this work is licensed under the MIT license.

-TCPDF

	Copyright (c) 2002-2018 Nicola Asuni - Tecnick.com LTD
	Use of this work is licensed under the LGPL License.

-vCard

    Copyright (c) 2014 Jeroen Desloovere
    Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.

-Monolog

    Copyright (c) 2011-2020 Jordi Boggiano
    Use of this work is licensed under the MIT License.
